Bump versions to 0.34.0 (#308)
square/Blueprint: CHANGELOG.md

# Past Releases

## [0.34.0] - 2021-12-16

### Added

- Support `CALayerCornerCurve` for `Box` corner styles.
- Added `AttributedText`, which supports applying strongly-typed attributes to strings (much like the `AttributedString` type introduced in iOS 15).
- Added support for links to `AttributedLabel`:
  - Links can be added using the `link` attribute of the attributed string. This attribute supports `URL`s or `String`s.
  - The label also supports detecting certain types of data and links, much like UITextView. Use the `linkDetectionTypes` property to specify which types of data to detect.

>   - Links are opened using the `LinkHandler` in the environment, which by default uses `UIApplication.shared.open(_:options:completionHandler:)`. Customize link handling by providing a `LinkHandler` to the environment at the appropriate scope. `AttributedLabel` also has a function for easily handling links with a closure using the `openLinks` method.

Reviewer: `LinkHandler` should be `URLHandler`, right?

>   - Links are opened using the `LinkHandler` in the environment, which by default uses `UIApplication.shared.open(_:options:completionHandler:)`. Customize link handling by providing a `LinkHandler` to the environment at the appropriate scope. `AttributedLabel` also has a function for easily handling links with a closure using the `openLinks` method.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Links are opened using the `LinkHandler` in the environment, which by default uses `UIApplication.shared.open(_:options:completionHandler:)`. Customize link handling by providing a `URLHandler` to the environment at the appropriate scope. `AttributedLabel` also has a function for easily handling links with a closure using the `onLinkTapped` method.
```
